in 1953 my dad Berta Jenkins moved to
Clarks won't open to lincoln-mercury
store in 1820 Madison Street in 1960 he
bought the Ford store from Clarence
carny
he built a new Ford Lincoln Mercury
dealership at 3:28 College Street in
1962 in 1968 the building was built back
two stories after it burned from the new
car showroom to the parks department in
73 we added the Honda franchise in 92 we
built a truck center to accommodate our
expanding business in 99 we were
remodeling the Ford car store when their
tornado struck downtown Clarksville it
heavily damaged the Lincoln Mercury
store and we had to remodel it in 2006
we completed the Honda image program for
our Honda store since then we bought the
buyers and Harvey light on 2nd in
college and three years ago the pike
house every purchase was to accommodate
her growing business
we have finally reached the point of no
return there is no more land available
to many of you this may look like just
another cornfield but this is the future
home of Jenkinson win we've just
purchased 41 acres on Trenton Road and
Louis Drive just off 101st Parkway faith
in our loyal team members has driven
this decision to embark on new
facilities my dream has always been to
pass the reins to the third generation
of the Jenkins family so our family
business can continue
miRNA keator has been an integral part
of our leadership for over 51 years he's
not only a great leader but one of my
best friends I want to thank each of our
loyal team members for your dedication
and customer satisfaction
it's because of you that for 12 years of
we want March of Dimes the best of
clarkson investigator ship reward for
the third year in a row Readers Choice
Award the lead chronicle and the first
time the Fort Campbell courier had a
competition for Campbell's favorite
leadership and we're so proudly eight
years in a row we've won the Ford
President's Award for customer
satisfaction as well as our 600 presents
Awards
we will build a state-of-the-art Ford
store on the store pre-owned store and
body shop we will incorporate the latest
technologies and facilities to reward
your efforts for total customer
satisfaction I'm humble they're so
thankful for each of you and the
contributions that you make charge Inc
as one family
I know you were excited and will be
proud of our in-home there will be hard
work ahead
I remind each of us that there's no such
things as status quo
we're either moving forward or backward
we've made the decision to invest in our
community and invest in world-class
facilities to serve our customers at the
highest levels of customer satisfaction
welcome to the future home of Dickenson
wind